the beauty of living in San Diego in
Southern California is that the climate
differential between high and low is the
lowest that exists in the United States
so that the fact that we have solar gain
that happens to warm up a room the
concrete floors that capture the heat
gain and radiate that through the
evening enables us to basically live
outside the outdoor rooms the most
important so if I had an outdoor room
that had a huge wall that was stuck out
next to it or small windows it would be
completely different than it would be to
have these moveable walls here that open
up the space to the inside on the
outside this home was built in nine
months we have three levels one basement
on grade and above grade what was really
important to us is the deal the ability
to build this building in a short
timeframe on a small lot in this
beautiful area in La Jolla and have this
fantastic view that we have because our
businesses is set up differently but we
are the architects the developers the
contractors the end-users and the owners
and we have no clients whatsoever we
have a very streamlined process and in
that process it's stream' ly important
that all the products that are brought
in are our quality are timely are
correct and our long-term we found so
many products and windows specifically
where glass fails where the pieces start
to delaminate where the coatings start
to dissolve where keys don't work where
locks don't work or rollers don't work
and I think the important part of all of
our buildings that we do when we use a
sliding door systems the fact
we need all those things to work in a
timely manner and work well and I think
the most important thing we've had in
any of the products here
is the Western window system the fact
they to help us be an aggressive
they've been attentive and when we've
had any issues they've been on it and
repair them and taking care of them so
it's something that is worked well for
us and will work well for us in the
future